README.md, before:

# Jargon-Terms-Explained
Perl: [Learn Perl in about 2 hours 30 minutes](https://qntm.org/files/perl/perl.html)  
Word Embedding: [Deep Learning, NLP, and Representations](http://colah.github.io/posts/2014-07-NLP-RNNs-Representations/)  
LSTM: [Understanding LSTM Networks](http://colah.github.io/posts/2015-08-Understanding-LSTMs/)  
Reactive Programming: [The introduction to Reactive Programming you've been missing](https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754)  
JSON-RPC: [JSON-RPC 2.0 Specification](http://www.jsonrpc.org/specification)  
CompletionStage/CompletableFuture: [The Future is Completable in Java 8](http://www.jesperdj.com/2015/09/26/the-future-is-completable-in-java-8/)  
Flexbox: [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)  
Webpack: [Webpack your bags](https://blog.madewithlove.be/post/webpack-your-bags/)  
Microservices: [Microservices](http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html)  
Annotation Processor: [ANNOTATION PROCESSING 101](http://hannesdorfmann.com/annotation-processing/annotationprocessing101)  
Tree-shaking: [Tree-shaking versus dead code elimination](https://medium.com/@Rich_Harris/tree-shaking-versus-dead-code-elimination-d3765df85c80)  
HTML5 semantics: [An Overview of HTML5 Semantics](https://codepen.io/mi-lee/post/an-overview-of-html5-semantics)  
Dependency Injection in Angular: [How does the TypeScript Angular DI magic work?](http://nicholasjohnson.com/blog/how-angular2-di-works-with-typescript/)

Commit message:

"An Overview of JavaScript Testing in 2017" added

README.md, after:

# Jargon-Terms-Explained
Perl: [Learn Perl in about 2 hours 30 minutes](https://qntm.org/files/perl/perl.html)  
Word Embedding: [Deep Learning, NLP, and Representations](http://colah.github.io/posts/2014-07-NLP-RNNs-Representations/)  
LSTM: [Understanding LSTM Networks](http://colah.github.io/posts/2015-08-Understanding-LSTMs/)  
Reactive Programming: [The introduction to Reactive Programming you've been missing](https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754)  
JSON-RPC: [JSON-RPC 2.0 Specification](http://www.jsonrpc.org/specification)  
CompletionStage/CompletableFuture: [The Future is Completable in Java 8](http://www.jesperdj.com/2015/09/26/the-future-is-completable-in-java-8/)  
Flexbox: [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)  
Webpack: [Webpack your bags](https://blog.madewithlove.be/post/webpack-your-bags/)  
Microservices: [Microservices](http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html)  
Annotation Processor: [ANNOTATION PROCESSING 101](http://hannesdorfmann.com/annotation-processing/annotationprocessing101)  
Tree-shaking: [Tree-shaking versus dead code elimination](https://medium.com/@Rich_Harris/tree-shaking-versus-dead-code-elimination-d3765df85c80)  
HTML5 Semantics: [An Overview of HTML5 Semantics](https://codepen.io/mi-lee/post/an-overview-of-html5-semantics)  
Dependency Injection in Angular: [How does the TypeScript Angular DI magic work?](http://nicholasjohnson.com/blog/how-angular2-di-works-with-typescript/)  
JavaScript Test Frameworks: [An Overview of JavaScript Testing in 2017](https://medium.com/powtoon-engineering/a-complete-guide-to-testing-javascript-in-2017-a217b4cd5a2a)
